samples: bluetooth: fast_pair: align partition overlays with pm_to_dts (#28561)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth Fast Pair samples
---------------------------

> * Updated the devicetree partition overlays of the Fast Pair samples to use the new ``zephyr,mapped-partition`` compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the devicetree partition overlays of the Fast Pair samples to use the new ``zephyr,mapped-partition`` approach.
```

Author: @peknis, compatible is the name of the DTS node property:

See the description here:
https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-zephyr/blob/main/dts/bindings/mtd/zephyr%2Cmapped-partition.yaml#L12

Documentation:
https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/build/dts/bindings-syntax.html#compatible

Reviewer: Right, my bad.

Author: Does it sound better?

```suggestion
* Updated the DTS overlays of the Fast Pair samples to use the new ``zephyr,mapped-partition`` compatible property for each partition node.
```

Reviewer: Very clear now.
